when you got it when we have to do it
ourselves I think that's where the
problem comes in because I think we're
all easy we don't want to do that we
usually would like to have like let's
say the program be able to just you know
queue up and then it automatically does
it for us what's the fifth week of na
LCS I'm joined right now by AB for me
with coverage presented by Omni slash
talked a little bit about how things are
going with hunter thieves how are things
going with hundred thieves we've all got
sunglasses on right now yeah let's say
things are going good a lot of uh
grinding to do with our new roster we
got and uh now as our jungler so screams
been going alright bye just gotta learn
how to do macro he played on stage a
couple games I think on fly quests for
LCS but mostly in Academy so junglers a
big part of like how macro works and
stuff like that and like what type of
style doing where he is so it's been fun
but not bad do you think that the team
took a bit of a hit or in a reset
whenever I switched from medius to anda
oh yeah definitely
meteos definitely was a big factor in
like how we played the game
most of our wins from last split as well
and how we practice how we improve so
bringing in anda we had to figure out
everything all over again everything all
over again from basics and see how we
wanted to play we saw the same you know
laners and stuff like that but jungler
is a person that connects them all
together and then creates I had the
identity I wouldn't say like 50% of that
so how far behind the old hunter thieves
is the current hunter thieves mmm how
far behind I don't know we were
definitely up and down and it showed
when we played against TL in the finals
so we did well in the early regular
split you know first ended first place
but once we got to play officers really
shaky and then TL definitely uh was a
better team so this split looking to do
a lot better than that regular season is
okay we're still in first as of right
now
but along with many other teams by the
way
we're first right now only well because
you've played because you play this what
you can't that's cuz if you hadn't
played first today you wouldn't be first
alone we're first right now this moment
anyway so regular-season isn't going to
bad we just got to make sure we figure
out our identity especially the new meta
with Andy what kind of style he likes to
play and hopefully we can catch up to
where we were at the beginning the split
with Minos and do well and playoff so
that we can good world what's the vibe
like now with hundred thieves as opposed
to the previous roster because from the
show and stuff it's it it seemed like
things were kind of tense mmm I don't
really watch the show but check out the
heist if you want to guys yeah I mean do
I shoot oh I don't I don't need you to
watch the show to tell me if it was
Ted's because you're in the show and
you're you're you should be a better
resource than the show so it was tense
how's the vibes like now right ah almost
every practice environment is tense even
tense right now when you're trying to
figure out how to improve what you want
to do different communicating with your
teammates even though some teams may
seem like you know they have it all
together it's not really as apparent in
our heist and stuff like that so I think
arguments and stuff like that is natural
when you are in a team environment with
five people trying to improve it the
game and you're gonna need to get
through like those humps to be able to
get over your problems so right now
similar situation since we're trying to
figure out how to play and someone
thinks this way someone things that way
so what's going on with your merch cuz
it sells out instantly and and and every
time I see the team tweet like wow we
were really surprised by the number of
you know people that but what if like at
a certain point in time you can't be
surprised anymore right uh yeah I merch
definitely sells out pretty fast I think
we want to do like limited edition type
of stuff and what-have-you did some like
non limited edition stuff that would be
nice
maybe I should just make my own merch
yeah and that way you know you guys can
have something and that would be non
limited edition you know you could just
always have it there available for
people to purchase I hope the people who
unable to buy stuff out I know other
people are making their own merch what
yeah no no well I did actually that is
true I did see somebody mate
bought me like a hundred thieves printed
shirt because they couldn't buy one but
I meant specifically I've heard certain
players are making their own merch
who are those place I I can't disclose
it well it's already double list so he's
coming out with Maryse right is he I
think he tweeted it so yes I based off
of that tweet and that tweet alone
I hear he's may be coming out with it's
gonna be nice but what about when are
you coming out with your line I don't
know you could so you could sell these
yeah everyone asks for these yeah
there's only one right now ok but ok but
if you made one yourself then you could
sell that sure I could say like aphromoo
on the sleeve
oh that's true I need I need a logo
though and then you could make money
doing that
have you logos should I get I don't know
if it's like not a calorie you say that
you've used the cow a lot your skype
picture used to be a cow like you've
gone with the cow meme a lot I've
evolved as human ok what if it was an
afro
just a poof yeah like what if it was a I
said aphromoo and then there's like an
afro on one of the O's like the last oh
I don't have an afro though what have
you changed your name because you don't
like the cow you don't want to do that
for a thing so huh
what's SS he's going with the trash I've
only seen a tweet I have no idea what's
going on there no I'll figure it out
okay all right well speaking of
doublelift and i want to talk about your
former adc's let's start with CLG what
do you think of the bio frost sticks a
bot lane because I felt like they were
kind of struggling laughs split maybe
sticks they was struggling what do you
think about him this flu from Nimes I
watched it doing a lot better
they're both trained under SS and not
for me so they definitely have a ways to
go to mash together and become you know
really really great I think they're
really good right now and any bottom
line that they play they can play it to
the fullest and play every Lane as best
they can so I would say top three bottom
lane right now for bio frost and 6a and
playing against em it was really fun I
feel like it's like an international
type of botlane playstyle when I do play
and Sun was that new cuz a lot of people
said they were struggling last flip last
but yeah but in terms of like individual
performance and how they play the lane I
think they play it really well okay
moving on to the Team Liquid bot lane so
I think it's all people are saying is
having a little bit more issues finding
synergy what do you think of that ah the
only time I here and Team Liquid bottom
line is having seen any issues when all
they eats a minion on tahm Kench and
double dices that happens as tahm Kench
you're gonna have those a lot but I
don't really see that a lot but most
people will only point out two times
that he did it right only twice but I
think for their bottom line when they do
pick their lanes to you they have like
over 50 games on the lanes and usually
Peters all about playing it to the
maximum tonight as much as possible you
know getting ahead of their opponent
when they do that consistently
throughout every game the only time I
see when they struggle is when
the new meta hits where they've got to
play major bottoms and Peter's not that
practice on those champions as like his
March fins where they go over a hundred
games and all them so you're not a fan
of his flat I'm not a fan of any any
more spoons blood at the moment or
Heimerdinger include Cody's flood
everyone yeah everyone okay what you
don't like definitely timer ding er
actually yeah this timer is the best out
of all of them okay the way you see that
makes it sound like it's not it's not a
top tier it's just better than none
exactly okay that's good steel jeez
walking by hey that's North America's
newest mid laner hooey good luck guys we
used to play for those guys yeah that
used to be me all black wearing a
headset walking in don't look at anybody
it's true he didn't look at me yeah now
you look at me
sure things have changed they've evolved
yeah alright
Oh last thing you gotta take on any of
this in a solo queue peeing is bad look
the silic use bad people should be able
to stream turn around tournament realm
that's why this work it's just all this
organ is like we've gotten so many
different that takes I'm very curious
about yours until you right now it's
like you're wasting time team in place I
like you and that's partly because of
ping can't really play the champions how
I play it as I do in scrims because of
the ping so it's like all I'm practicing
is mechanics at worst ping and then I
only play Solek you for laning phase
because after that you can't even talk
to your teammates at all to coordinate
team effort plays whereas League of
Legends is supposed to be a team game or
they wanted to be a team game but you
can't talk to your teammates so that is
like the two biggest gripes I have with
it as well as
I think that's it where you what would
solve the ability to communicate is it
like do you want voice comms that are
open to everyone I'm a big fan of like
Cisco's style where they have out forget
what it's called their own third party
that organizes the league and they all
can jump in jump into comms and then
queue up for a game that way and I would
like prefer that's everything because
the seats go players also get to stream
that you know low paying high caliber
players and you definitely get to
interact more with the pro player base
then let's say Solek you like in solo
queue right now I almost never see
anybody because it is a waste of time to
play and most teams are doing third
block so it's more important to do
third blocks instead of playing solo
queue so when I'm in the list oh look
you match I'm matched with like lower
tier MMR players so most Pro players
right now are all hanging around master
because it's like no point to climb up
challenger yeah sounds where you said is
there a chance that we'll get like a
third party system or that riot will
help with this or that you guys will
organize something or is the future just
bleak and sad and depressing we had
discussions about like the tournament
realm type of thing where we can play on
the term room maybe stream it low ping
and then you just gotta organize it
yourself but when you got it when we
have to do it ourselves I think that's
where the problem comes in because I
think we're all easy we don't want to do
that we usually would like to have like
let's say the program be able to just
you know queue up and then automatically
does it for us and then we'll hop in get
you in voice comms and then you go
what if there was just like a say like
an interviewer hears a lot of free time
during the weeks he just hangs out and
discord getting shirts on this is not
Hawaiian what is that it's a shirt okay
yeah flowers shirts on yeah and this
person gets paid you know a nominal fee
for his time but then you know just
tells people like you're in this game
you're in this game you're in this game
who's been in I mean we're really
overpaid pro players I think you know
they want in comparison as they just all
pool their money give him say 1% of
their income
then he yeah okay don't about you could
bring it up at the Players Association
meeting next time just say like guys I
know this person we all just need to
give 1% and then there's like a hundred
of you guys so I would then get paid the
amount that a pro player would get paid
and that number there's a sweet number I
will take that number just to say we're
in this game for soloqueue yeah I queue
up everybody yeah okay I'll think about
it okay thank you so anything you want
to say to any of the fans out there
thanks for watching guys hopefully you
enjoy our game tomorrow I'll wait when
is this going up ah shit
they can go up tomorrow if you want
whatever man thanks for watching guys
appreciate it hopefully you enjoy the
merch if you got it if you didn't I'll
be making something boom there we go
capitalized on hunter thieves inability
to sell actual merchandise for yourself
alright just you know there's a business
opportunity there they're leaving the
market wide open sign for aphromoo merch
you go you can check out those my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hey hope you
enjoyed that interview I certainly did I
I'm actually gonna re-watch it several
several several times after this anyway
my point is I want to say thanks to Omni
slash for supporting this content and
also wanted to mention something to you
if you're running adblock on this
YouTube channel right now that's sad but
I've got away at what you didn't make me
happy if you have Amazon Prime you can
get twitch Prime you just link your
Amazon primary twitch account you can
link click the twitch link in the
youtube description and give me your
FREE Twitter Prime that's actually kind
of cool anyway thanks again Omni slash
thanks for watching that's it